Welcome back to "War", I am Tom Scott.
I am David Bodycombe.
The game to be played today is our first knockout
One of them will be eliminated today.
What are you going to play today?
Digital warfare called "black hole"
Both players will take turns to place digital cards
Start with 1, then 2, 3 all the way to 10
There will be a space at the end of the game, and that is
We are talking about "black holes,"
It will suck in the digital cards distributed around it.
The party with the smaller sum of the numbers sucked in is the winner.
Simple rule
Ok, let's see how they behave.
Ok, it seems that I am the first attack. let me see
In fact, I haven’t figured out that the first strike is not dominant.
Anyway, I don't have any good strategy, so just...
You might think that the first attacker
Predominate, but in fact
When they reached the final step, the attacking side
There are two spaces to choose from
Therefore, the attack has the right to decide the outcome of the game.
That's right, so if you choose the first attack, you have to make sure
The last two spaces left
Will be the most beneficial to you
I think this is very difficult.
I got it
Which side are you more optimistic about, the player is still a mathematician?
In a way, I am more optimistic about players.
Because the way they think usually leads the situation a few steps
Impromptu play is my strategy
Improvisation, I don’t think improvisation is a strategy
I still imitate you first.
Ah, imitate! Great strategy
This trick is easy to confuse the opponent
How many tricks do you have to confuse your opponent? !
Hey, are you referring to broken pieces?
Maybe!
Oh, you know what we think?
Is imitating tactics a good idea?
I think it’s not bad.
But if it is me, I won’t put a corner.
Because the corner creates a black hole, only two numbers will be sucked in.
But at the beginning, it’s not bad to be in front of each other like this.
Indeed, it seems reasonable to focus on small numbers in the middle.
Because there are more spaces around, it also represents
The probability of generating black holes is also high.
So you have to concentrate the small numbers in the middle.
This game is not simple.
Look at Emma's face.
You are crazy!
Good chess (whisper)
I will start when the game is here.
Look for places where black holes may be created,
Then calculate the sum of the surrounding numbers
That's right, but I am right now
The distribution of spaces is so full of interest.
Soon, our game has come to an end.
I don't really like the point under Katie.
Because that makes her blue chess piece across the entire chessboard
(Blue) A little too much exposure. And there are other
The place will make her lose very badly.
I always feel that no matter how I put it, I will lose very badly!
I have a whole tactical mistake, it seems that improvisation is really...
Not a good tactic
It seems that Emma puts the numbers together to prevent them from being exposed to black holes.
That's right, she has 3 and 7 in addition to the top right corner.
Nothing to worry about
really? Yeah, other places
Katie’s total number is bigger than her, even
There are several places that are basically flat
That's right, if she puts 8 in this prime location between 7 and 3,
It means that her eyes are really good.
Oh, oh
That's not bad, she can...
It seems that she is now trying to fill it up.
Ha, Katie actually helped her fill the hole!
Sensible judgment, which forced her to put the numbers that were supposed to be there somewhere else.
This is the second time that Emma is not between 7 and 3.
Because that is her weakness?
Yes, her weakness. Then she should want to...
Emma will (air)
I can clearly feel the heartbeat
That's right, I don't know why I care (winning and losing)!
Who is just saying, "Is it serious to lose?"
Trap, traps everywhere
I can't predict the next move, although I will play chess but...
I can't help with this game.
This game is basically her (Emma) won, right?
No accidents
what! Not there!
Because now there are her 7, 3 and 9 around, but Katie's
Not much blue
No! One step wrong, step by step wrong
Not quite right, so Emma can put her 10 into it.
The remaining two holes on the left, regardless of which Katie's 10 are placed, will be counted.
Look, the game is over.
That's right. Katie must put 10 on the side, okay the game is over.
Emma Congratulations!
This game is too brain-intensive!
Moreover, this game is the kind of "authority is not necessarily confused,
One of the kind of games that bystanders think they are clear
The message below the movie will probably look like:
"How come you stupid to be there!"
Yes, really, I think I just got the 9 and almost messed up.
I wanted to say at the time: "How can I do this?"
Ha, I will still win.
Emma's next game is supposed to be a play-off
However, her game should be in the last few games.
And before that was Steven’s final against Hannah.
What games do they want to play?
They are going to play the psychological warfare
Hey, so play a psychological war with the magician?
I think it will be very interesting.
Translation: Andy Lin